Update config-settings.rst (#3506)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/config-settings.rst

| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"WriteTimeout": 300`` with numerical input. |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Idle Timeout
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Set an explicit idle timeout in the HTTP server. This is the duration allowed before an idle connection is disconnected.

Reviewer: Should we be consistent like the other timeouts by saying "This is the _maximum time_ allowed" ?

Author: Great catch. I've updated it. Thanks! :)

> Set an explicit idle timeout in the HTTP server. This is the duration allowed before an idle connection is disconnected.

Author: ```suggestion
Set an explicit idle timeout in the HTTP server. This is the maximum time allowed before an idle connection is disconnected.
```
